=pod

=encoding utf-8

=for :stopwords Randy Stauner ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS TODO cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno
bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders
metacpan

=head1 NAME

Config::MVP::Writer::INI - Build an INI file for Config::MVP

=head1 VERSION

version 0.003

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  my $ini = Config::MVP::Writer::INI->new->ini_string(\@sections);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This class takes a collection of L<Config::MVP> style data structures
and writes them to a string in INI format.

One usage example would be to create a roughly equivalent INI file
from the output of a plugin bundle (L<Dist::Zilla>, L<Pod::Weaver>, etc.).

The author makes no claim that this would actually be useful to anyone.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 spacing

Defines the spacing between sections.
Must be one of the following:

=over 4

=item payload

(Default) Put blank lines around sections with a payload

=item all

Put a blank line between all sections

=item none

No blank lines

=back

=head2 strip_bundle_prefix

Boolean: Always remove the leading C<@BundleName/> part of a section name.
This cuts down on the noise when the name is actually different
from the package moniker (but the prefix isn't desired).  Defaults to true.

=head2 rewrite_package

This attribute is a coderef that will be used to munge the package name
of each section.  The package will be passed as the only argument
(and also available as C<$_>) and should return the translation.
If nothing is returned the original package will be used.

This can be used to flavor the INI for a particular application.
For example:

  rewrite_package => sub { s/^MyApp::Plugin::/-/r; }

will transform an array ref of

  [ Stinky => 'MyApp::Plugin::Nickname' => {real_name => "Dexter"} ]

into an INI string of

  [-Nickname / Stinky]
  real_name = Dexter

=head1 METHODS

=head2 ini_string

This takes an array ref of array refs,
each one being a C<Config::MVP> style section specification:

  [
    [ $name, $package, \%payload ],
  ]

and returns a string.

For convenience a few specification shortcuts are recognized:

  $name                => [ $name, $name, {} ]
  [ $name ]            => [ $name, $name, {} ]
  [ $name, $package ]  => [ $name, $package, {} ]
  [ $name, \%payload ] => [ $name, $name, \%payload ]

=for comment has simplify_bundles => (
  is         => 'ro',
  isa        => union([qw( ArrayRef Bool )]),
);

=for test_synopsis my @sections;

=head1 WARNING

This code is very much in an alpha state and the API is likely to change.
As always, suggestions, bug reports, patches, and pull requests are welcome.

=head1 TODO

=over 4

=item *

Documentation

=item *

More tests

=item *

Allow payload to be an arrayref for explicit ordering

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Perldoc

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

  perldoc Config::MVP::Writer::INI

=head2 Websites

The following websites have more information about this module, and may be of help to you. As always,
in addition to those websites please use your favorite search engine to discover more resources.

=over 4

=item *

Search CPAN

The default CPAN search engine, useful to view POD in HTML format.

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Config-MVP-Writer-INI>

=item *

RT: CPAN's Bug Tracker

The RT ( Request Tracker ) website is the default bug/issue tracking system for CPAN.

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Config-MVP-Writer-INI>

=item *

CPAN Ratings

The CPAN Ratings is a website that allows community ratings and reviews of Perl modules.

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Config-MVP-Writer-INI>

=item *

CPAN Testers

The CPAN Testers is a network of smokers who run automated tests on uploaded CPAN distributions.

L<http://www.cpantesters.org/distro/C/Config-MVP-Writer-INI>

=item *

CPAN Testers Matrix

The CPAN Testers Matrix is a website that provides a visual overview of the test results for a distribution on various Perls/platforms.

L<http://matrix.cpantesters.org/?dist=Config-MVP-Writer-INI>

=item *

CPAN Testers Dependencies

The CPAN Testers Dependencies is a website that shows a chart of the test results of all dependencies for a distribution.

L<http://deps.cpantesters.org/?module=Config::MVP::Writer::INI>

=back

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests by email to C<bug-config-mvp-writer-ini at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Config-MVP-Writer-INI>. You will be automatically notified of any
progress on the request by the system.

=head2 Source Code


L<https://github.com/rwstauner/Config-MVP-Writer-INI>

  git clone https://github.com/rwstauner/Config-MVP-Writer-INI.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Randy Stauner <rwstauner@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Randy Stauner.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

